In the entertainment industry,
it's a cliche but content is the king.
And the evolutions and
revolutions in the technology
essentially paved way for more and
more interesting and high-quality
content that was being generated by
the TV stations from Hollywood,
the rebroadcast over the TV.
And some of the innovations in technology,
for example,
[COUGH]
action replay,
this was really surprising to audience.
The announcer had to come back
the first time they used it
to explain to the audience that
there really wasn't another score.
It was just a repetition, and now they
were able to show in slow motion so
that the audience could appreciate it.
So it took some time for
the audience to get hang of it, but
the role of technology in
the sports content and
entertainment content, it kept going for
a long, at an exponential rate.
But the interesting change
is when all of this
is becoming available on the Internet.
In the Internet of things,
content plays a very significant role,
as most of you already realize.
In addition to the traditional TV and
radio stations,
in the age of Internet we have a lot
more players who are contributing to
the delivery of content and
creation of content.
If you are interested, there is this
really nice documentary that explains
this really complex
play between De Forest,
Edwin Armstrong, and David Sarnoff.
I recommend taking a look at it.